Adding example for jira connector (#2737)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/jira-connector/jira-connector-example.md

!!! Warning
	**This content is currently Work in progress!**

The Jira REST API enables you to interact with Jira programmatically. The WSO2 JIRA Connector allows you to access the REST resources available in Jira Cloud [API Version v2](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v2/intro/) through WSO2 EI.

## What you'll build

> This example explains how to use JIRA Connector to create an issue, and read it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example explains how to use the JIRA Connector to create an issue and read it.
```

> It will have two HTTP API resources, which are `createIssue` and `getIssue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will use two HTTP API resources, which are `createIssue` and `getIssue`.
```

<img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/jira.png" title="Calling insert operation" width="800" alt="Calling insert operation"/>

> * `/createIssue `: The user sends the request payload, which includes the issueFields (the project info, summary, description and the issue type).  This request is sent to WSO2 EI by invoking the jira API. It creates the issue in the corresponding Jira account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/createIssue `: The user sends the request payload with the issue details (the project info, summary, description and the issue type).  This request is sent to WSO2 EI by invoking the Jira API. It creates the issue in the corresponding Jira account.
```

> * `/getIssue `: The user sends the request payload, which includes the issue id or key that should be obtained from the `createIssue` API resource, and other parameters (fields and expand).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/getIssue `: The user sends the request payload, which includes the issue id or key (that should be obtained from the `createIssue` API resource) and other parameters (**fields** and **expand**).
```

1. Right click on the created Integration Project and select, -> **New** -> **Rest API** to create the REST API. 
   <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/adding-an-api.png" title="Adding a Rest API" width="800" alt="Adding a Rest API"/>

> 2. Provide the API name as jiraAPI and the API context as /jira. You can go to the source view of the XML configuration file of the API and copy the following configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Provide the API name as `jiraAPI` and the API context as `/jira`. You can go to the source view of the XML configuration file of the API and copy the following configuration.
```

> You can find the complete API XML configuration below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Testing

### Create Issue Operation

1.  Create a file named `createIssue.json` with the following payload:
    ```json
    {
	    "issueFields":{
            "fields": {
                "project":{
                    "key": "<project-key>"
                },
                "summary": "For Testing",
                "description": "Test issue",
                "issuetype": {
                    "id": "6"
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```

> 2. Invoke the API as shown below using the curl command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Invoke the API using the following curl command.
```

    !!! Info
        The Curl application can be downloaded from [here](https://curl.haxx.se/download.html).

    ```bash
    curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data @createIssue.json http://localhost:8290/jira/createIssue
    ```

    **Expected Response** : You should get a response as given below and the data will be added to the database.
    ```json
    {
        "id": "340135",
        "key": "<project-key>-3400",
        "self": "https://<site-url>/jira/rest/api/2/issue/340135"
    }
    ```

### Read Issue Operation

> 1.  Create a file called `getIssue.json` with the following payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a file named `getIssue.json` with the following payload:
```

    ```json
    {
        "id": "<project-key>-3400"
    }
    ```

2. Invoke the API using the curl command shown below.

    !!! Info

>         Curl Application can be downloaded from [here](https://curl.haxx.se/download.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Curl application can be downloaded from [here](https://curl.haxx.se/download.html).
```
